the hunting instinct comes to a cheetah
like walking comes to us but even though
the desire to chase things may be
built-in they do have to learn a great
deal about what to hunt when to do it
and how to do it without being spotted I
decided to start the Cubs hunting
lessons back on the lawn of the Craig's
house where they felt safe and relaxed
young cheetahs are sometimes given live
prey by their mothers now that wasn't
something I could do but I could try the
next best thing
okay guys another lesson coming up
interested in each other the dummy
rabbit would give them something to
chase something to hone their skills on
but like all young cheetah cubs they
were really nervous of any new
experience
that's just what you'd expect with wild
cheetahs they have to be certain but
this is safe and the only way they know
that is if their mother demonstrates
that it's something they can tackle so
I'm going to keep on touching it and
playing with it myself it's okay
now you think it's okay
good hunting lesson number one pretty
successful
you